com/example/movieplace/databinding/FragmentMapsScenesBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.FragmentMapsScenesBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/ActivityScenesDescBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.ActivityScenesDescBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/FragmentMovieBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.FragmentMovieBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/ChangePersInfoFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.ChangePersInfoFragmentBinding
com/example/movieplace/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.movieplace.BuildConfig
com/example/movieplace/databinding/FavComposersFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.FavComposersFragmentBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/FavGenresFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.FavGenresFragmentBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/ActivitySignupBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.ActivitySignupBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/ChangePasswordFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.ChangePasswordFragmentBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/ActivityScenesBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.ActivityScenesBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/FavActorsFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.FavActorsFragmentBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/FragmentSceneBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.FragmentSceneBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/FragmentTopBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.FragmentTopBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/ChangeMyLikesFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.ChangeMyLikesFragmentBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/FragmentListscenesBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.FragmentListscenesBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/FavDirectorsFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.FavDirectorsFragmentBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
com/example/movieplace/databinding/FragmentMapBinding.java
 com.example.movieplace.databinding.FragmentMapBinding
